# Potential for further development

The application meets the original client requirements, and will be a fantastic addition to the DF suite of products. However, there are some clear points for improvement and/or further development to make it even better:

* **Multiple search results** - the application at the moment can only display a single search result when a search term is entered, although there could be multiple results for the same location name, such as London being the name of a place in both the US and the UK. The application currently displays the first result the API responds with, but by calling to another API such as a TomTom API to display multiple search results and obtaining the XY coordinates for the location, then passing that into the weather API would allow for more ease of use for the user.
* **Secure backend server** - at the moment, the application runs entirely in the browser, except for the calls it makes to the external weather API to obtain the required weather data. It is highly unsecure for users as emails and passwords are stored as plain text in the browser, making it highly vulnerable to attacks from hackers or data leaks. A secure backend server to connect to a database would make the application much more secure to use and a more appealing option to customers.
* **Quicker re-render for location dropdown** - due to time constraints in development, when the user accesses their saved locations from the dropdown available in the header of the application, the list of locations is not always 100% up to date with their list of saved locations. The user must visit the home page in order for the list to update, but with more development planning and time, this could be updated to work even quicker and more easily.